Add 3.12 overview docs. (#473)
faster-cpython/ideas: 3.12/tier2.md

beyond that of CPython 3.11.

The tier 2 optimizer for CPython will build on PEP 659, 
the tier 1 optimizer.

The tier 2 optimizer will optimize larger regions of code than
the tier 1 optimizer, optimizing tens of instructions at a time,
rather than a single instruction. This means that optimization
will be slower, with the expectation that performance will be
better.

The tier 2 optimizer will optimize short traces of bytgecode,
transforming them into instructions for a custom interpreter
that operates on lower level, more specialized instructions
than the normal interpreter.

Like tier 1 execution, tier 2 will be an interpreter, 
retaining full portability and ease of debugging.

Unlike the PEP 659 interpreter, it will execute on a purely in-memory
code representation, with no on-disk representation.

As the tier 2 optimizer will be slower than tier 1, the threshold for
optimization will be higher than PEP 659.
Initial counter settings will probably be in the low hundreds.

## Motivation

PEP 659 gives us a worhtwhile speed up over 3.10, but performance is
still poor compared to node.js and well-engineered JIT compilers.

> We can raise performance from 3.11 levels by chosing larger regions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can raise performance from 3.11 levels by choosing larger regions
```

      function_entry = 1,
      back_edges = 2,
      anywhere = 4,
      /* thread-safety? */
  } PyOptimizerCapabilities;

  type struct {
      OBJECT_HEADER;
      PyExecutorObject *(*compile)(PyOptimizerObject* self, PyCodeObject *code, int offset);
      PyOptimizerCapabilities capabilities;
      float optimization_cost;
      float run_cost;
      /* Data needed by the compiler goes here, but is opaque to the VM */
  } PyOptimizerObject;

  void _Py_Executor_Replace(PyCodeObject *code, int offset, PyExecutorObject *executor);

  int _Py_Optimizer_Register(PyOptimizerObject* optimizer);
```

## Projecting traces

Unlike the long traces gathered by tracing in tracing optimizer like PyPy,
we do not record traces, merely estimate forward execution to form a trace.
Unlike the very short traces in HHVM or YJIT, we can use the type information
gathered by the specializing interpreter to project longer traces with a higher
confidence in our estimates of how likely code is to stay on trace.

Consider this code::

   def f(y):
       return y*2

   def sumf(x):
       t = 0
       for y in x:
           t += f(y)

The functions compile to this bytecode (once specialized):

```
  f:

>     RESUME                   0

Author: Presumably, `RESUME_QUICK` will become `RESUME` once we quicken on loading.

we can then project the trace to `CALL_PY_EXACT_ARGS`
as there are no branches, and the specialized instructions
have good hit rates (100% in this case).
We can even project the trace into `f` as `CALL_PY_EXACT_ARGS`
has 100% hit rates. Resulting in the following trace:

```
  start:
    SAVE_LASTI
    FOR_ITER_RANGE           exit_trace
    SAVE_LASTI
    STORE_FAST               2 (y)
    SAVE_LASTI
    LOAD_FAST                1 (t)
    SAVE_LASTI
    LOAD_GLOBAL_MODULE       1 (NULL + f)
    SAVE_LASTI
    LOAD_FAST                2 (y)
    SAVE_LASTI
    CALL_PY_EXACT_ARGS       1
    SAVE_LASTI
    LOAD_FAST                0 (y)
    SAVE_LASTI
    LOAD_CONST               1 (2)
    SAVE_LASTI
    BINARY_OP_MULTIPLY_INT   5 (*)
    SAVE_LASTI
    RETURN_VALUE
    SAVE_LASTI
    BINARY_OP_ADD_INT       13 (+=)
    SAVE_LASTI
    STORE_FAST               1 (t)
    SAVE_LASTI
    JUMP_BACKWARD_QUICK      start
  exit_trace:
    EXIT_TO_INTERPRETER
```

Note the addition of `SAVE_LASTI` in between each instruction.
This is so that when an instruction deopts, it will return to the correct location in the original bytecode.

## Optimizing traces

> Optimizing traces is a well research area. Rather reguritate that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimizing traces is a well research area. Rather than regurgitate that
```

research we run through how the above trace would be optimized,
as an example.

First of all we lower the specialized instructions into their
two parts; guard then action:

```
  start:
    SAVE_LASTI
    CHECK_IS_RANGE           deopt1
    FOR_ITER_RANGE_UNCHECKED exit_trace
    SAVE_LASTI
    STORE_FAST               2 (y)
    SAVE_LASTI
    LOAD_FAST                1 (t)
    SAVE_LASTI
    CHECK_GLOBAL_KEYS_VERSION deopt2
    LOAD_GLOBAL_MODULE_UNCHECKED 1 (NULL + f)
    SAVE_LASTI
    LOAD_FAST                2 (y)
    SAVE_LASTI
    CHECK_PY_EXACT_ARGS      1 (f)
    ENTER_PY_FUNCTION        1 (f)
    SAVE_LASTI
    LOAD_FAST                0 (y)
    SAVE_LASTI
    LOAD_CONST               1 (2)
    SAVE_LASTI
    CHECK_INTS_2             deopt3

>     BINARY_OP_MULTIPLY_INT_UNCHECKED (*)

Reviewer 2: There are a handful these asterisks. What do they mean?

Author: `a * b` It's a multiply instruction
